nobody can do it like me
nobody nobody can do it like nobody's
stronger than me nobody has better toys
than I do there's nobody bigger or
better at the military than I ain't
nobody loves the Bible more than I do
nobody builds walls better than me
nobody's better to people with
disabilities than mad nobody's fighting
for the veterans like I'm fighting for
the veterans there's nobody that's done
so much for equality as I have there's
nobody more pro-israel than I am there
is nobody more conservative than me
there is nobody that respects women more
than I do nobody would be tougher on
Isis than Donald Trump is nobody has
ever had crowds like Trump as head
there's nobody that understands the
horror of nuclear better than me but
nobody even understands it but me is
called evaluation the sale of the
uranium that nobody knows what it means
I know what it means nobody knows more
about trade than me nobody knows the
game better than I do but he's in the
history of this country has ever known
so much about infrastructure was Donald
Trump I know the h-1b I know the h-2b
nobody knows it better than me nobody
knows politicians better than I do
nobody knows more about taxes than I do
nobody knows more about debt than I do
nobody knows the system better than me I
have many friends many many friends all
of my friends so many Steve I see over
here Marco Rubio is a very very good
friend of mine Tom Brady's a friend of
mine my friend Elton John George
Steinbrenner was a good friend of mine
Howard Stern was a friend of mine we've
been friends for a long time friend of
mine is a great manufacturing friend of
Mines a great excavator I have a friend
who builds plants I have friends a
friend of mine is in law enforcement my
best friends have become fire marshals
the generals had become very good
friends of mine my biker friends a
friend who's a doctor friend he's a
farmer I know the insurance companies
their friends and might have many
friends that are liberal and I think
they're wonderful people I have friends
that are wonderful business people I
have friends that are very wealthy
people friends of mine go bankrupt I
have many many friends who are women and
I have some very smart friends don't
agree with me I had a friend who's a
very smart guy in a very streetwise good
friend of mine
a friend of mine who happens to be a
great great athlete he happens to be
african-american and I have a friend
big guy one of the biggest in the world
I have a friend he's a very very
substantial guy
tough tough cookies I better not mention
their names and 2 of them are friends of
my friends also that have become
addicted to drugs my friend he was my
friend he passed away who's my friend i
have a friend every year he goes to
Paris I have friends they won't go to
friends friends that live in California
so many friends and a lot of good
friends out in Iowa friends that live in
Texas friends in Wisconsin friends that
love to go to their church they have
friends that frankly aren't Christian I
have many Jewish friends you have many
friends that are Muslims many Chinese
friends France and Saudi Arabia friends
in Mexico Japan so many friends in
Turkey many friends in South Korea have
so many friends from this area friends
that live all over the place I have no
friends as far as I'm concerned I have
no all right let's get back to the fun I
think when you come to sarin gas
there was no he was not using the gas on
his own people the same way dead Ishod
is doing it me there's clearly
the information is analyzed
[Music]
I think
it's real happy
[Music]
[Laughter]
brought him into the to see the
Holocaust Center I understand it but I
was hanging in the way that the stone
Assad used them where he went into towns
dropped him down to innocent into the
middle of towns it was brought to it so
the use of it I appreciate the
clarification there that was not the
intent let's run through the numbers a
negative number a lowest number every
catastrophic alena load number a very
very small number small number actually
the numbers getting up that number is
raising rising a large numbers a big
number big big number very big number
bigger number than that big big-league
number a huge number a very significant
number a very very high number some
fairly vast number a staggering number a
record number the number is through the
roof the numbers are astronomical
ever-growing numbers numbers that you've
never seen before numbers that nobody
has ever seen numbers that you wouldn't
even think of believable unbelievable
numbers a massive number the biggest
number ever it's a ridiculous number and
when you add it all together a lot of
good things are gonna happen gonna
happen billions and billions and
billions and billions and billions and
billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and millions
and millions and billions and billions
and billions and billions and billions
and billions and millions and billions
and
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions of billions and
billions and millions and millions of
billions and billions and billions and
billions and billions the being I love
it I love it I'm sitting that's waited
being big big you press a button Bing
Bing they all hand your checks being
Bing Bing Bing
we had our beautiful marine standing
there Bing Bing Bing Bing you know the
old days being bong you know with the
map being being big little mouth on him
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing they're cleaning up
accepting being being 14-point plan Bing
Bing Bing Anthony Weiner you know the
little thing being been everyone's
attacked me has gone pink everyone else
Bing where have they gone
being wow what a tackle being playing
cards Bing Bing Bing those tunnels Bing
boom right under the toilet being bomb
right up being like a rocket ship except
in the wrong direction I'd fly over drop
him right on top you know just being
they want me to use the pump because the
other one which I really like better
than going b-b-b
it's like puppets Bing Bing Bing Bing
bong bong bing bing bing bang bang bong
I was imitating puppets and I said maybe
I shouldn't do that anymore
by being Bing that's the end of that you
know it's the only thing he can say